README.md, before:

# Design considerations
## Items:
1) First idea is to create simple POJO object representation and then store them in collection, tracking item count
2) However, this seems to flood basket class with responsibilities: keep track of objects, grouping, price calculation,
applying promotions
3) This leads to idea to create separate object to represent groups of items. This seems better structure as this
object will have behaviour. This also keeps our basket more lightweight in terms of memory consumption, as it doesn't
hold full POJO objects with all the data, that might be unnecessary at this level
4) We'll see how well this approach will go with storing individual savings information
## Basket:
1) Basket must contain item group list and promotion list as these need to be individual for every customer
## Promotion
1) Promotion objects are good candidate for being strategy objects

# Assumptions
1) Item number in store is not big enough for total stock value to be affected by double value imprecision
2) There can be only one promotion at time for each product

Commit message:

updated readme for design decisions and install info

README.md, after:

# Design description
## Items:
1) Basic item information is stored in abstract class Item. Having base class allows for polymorphism
2) Item is subclass depending on the item type: weightable and not. There is possibility to easily add another item
types without need for changing existing code
3) Item object are immutable and can be stored as Collection keys and values
4) Promotions can be applied on the basis of Item class. That means promotions can also be applied to weightable items
or any other type of items possible in the future
## Basket:
1) Basket is simple container, which holds items collected by customer before checking out
2) Basket groups CountableItems. This grouping is unnecessary for correct Purchase operations, but is implemented to
save memory consumption
3) WeightableItems with different weights are not grouped in Basket, since it would involve Basket distinguishing
between items, which is not Basket responsibility
## Purchase
1) Contains logic for price and discount calculation
2) Before applying any of promotions via Strategy pattern, Purchase groups all similar items into Maps, which is
then passed to any of elected promotions
3) Grouping allows Promotion methods to calculate exact amount of items of each type (including summing the weight of
multiple weightable items, i.e. multiple bags of oranges with different weight),
## Promotion
1) Promotion are Strategy object, which responsibility is to distinguish, if passed items are suitable for discaount
based on this promotion rules

# Assumptions
1) Item number of items bought is too small to be affected by double value imprecision
2) There can be only one promotion at time for each product
3) Product information is entered correctly and barcodes are unique for unique items
4) Promotion affected barcodes are entered correctly and for intended type of items

# Build instructions
1) This is Maven-based project: clone git repository into folder on your machine and run mvn install
